updated readme file (#31498)
magento/magento2: app/code/Magento/SalesInventory/README.md

# Magento_SalesInventory module

> The **Magento_SalesInventory** module allows retrieve and update stock attributes related to Magento_Sales, such as status and quantity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Magento_SalesInventory** module enables the retrieval and update of stock attributes related to Magento_Sales, such as status and quantity.
```

## Installation details

Before installing this module, note that the **Magento_SalesInventory** is dependent on the following modules:

- Magento_Catalog
- Magento_CatalogInventory
- Magento_Sales
- Magento_Store

> Please find here [how to enable or disable modules in Magento 2](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.4/install-gde/install/cli/install-cli-subcommands-enable.html).

Reviewer: Same here
